Added regression as method (#120)
LAMPSPUC/StateSpaceModels.jl: docs/src/manual.md

## Optimization methods

> StateSpaceModels has an interface that allows users to define their own optimization method. It is easilly integrated with Optim.jl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StateSpaceModels has an interface that allows users to define their own optimization methods. It is easily integrated with Optim.jl.
```
